hey guys so here's the naked 3 palette
that exploded all over YouTube and
Instagram so I'll be creating an evening
look for a special night these shadows
do have a tendency of having a lot of
fallout so seem your foundation
application until you're done when I
work with darker shadows on the outer
corner I like to apply some tape to help
the edge stay nice and clean
and start off with an eyeshadow primer
of your choice
and don't forget about the bottom lash
line as well since I'll be using a light
eyeshadow on the lid I want to make sure
shows up so I go ahead and add a very
thin white base only on the lid making
sure not to pass the crease
then using the brush that comes with the
palette I take nooner and start patting
the shadows slowly on the outer V and
crease don't worry so much about
blending right here what you want to
create is the shape along with making
the shade pretty okay
the only running I really do here is
just blending it gradually into the
inner eye
then I take buzz a shimmery peak and I
applied to the center of the lid only I
forgot to show I sprayed my brush with
skin to Naevia to help the shadow really
pick up but if you don't have that don't
worry about it but make sure you are
padding the shadow because you really
want the shadow to stick
then to brighten up the inner eye
I took the shadow strange and you can
very gently blend it into the pink shade
as well oh and I can't forget also apply
this to your brow bone
now here is where we start blending if
you're able to have a spare clean
blending brush use it and start fading
out that harsh line on the crease
to help blend and building more Duff to
the outer I take limit and start buffing
it into the crease and with a very light
hand apply a bit of that shadow into the
inner eye and what really makes this an
evening look is this deeper shadow
called black art using a pencil brush in
order to have a more precise application
mark out the outer V here I'm not too
worried about blending as well I just
really want to build intensity and make
sure it's applied exactly where I want
it then taking nooner again this is
where you're going to use to blend out
that dark shadow take your time with
blending to avoid the shadows to look
muddy then when you're pretty much
content with the blending you can go
ahead and remove that strip of tape and
with that adult there will be fallout so
I simply take a makeup remover wipe and
wipe it off since right now it's very
top-heavy we have to balance it out by
applying shadow to the lower lash line
and I start off with nooner to have a
nice soft shadow base then using a nude
eyeliner I applied only on the inner eye
to work as a base for the lighter shadow
for later on if you have any very small
and stiff brushes these are great for
the lower lash line using a smaller
brush I pick up Blackheart and with a
patting motion again I applied only 3/4
of the bottom lash line avoiding the
inner eye once the dark eye shadow is in
place you start to buff it out to create
a more smolder effect then reapply that
lighter shadow to your inner eye to help
brighten it up
and with the nude eyeliner apply to your
waterline to open up your eyes and we're
basically done with eyeshadow but I like
to do my eyebrows before I apply mascara
for so Madhuri this is one of my current
favorite eyebrow products and the
spoolie that comes with it is really
makes a huge difference
now I apply your mascara if you plan on
using false eyelashes like myself only
apply a thin layer mascara
these are the lashes I use and it's one
of my favorites because they are
extremely natural but they add the
perfect amount of fullness for me and
while I wait for the lash glue to dry I
give my bottom lashes a little love to
and once the lash glue is dry it may
still be visible so I go over it with a
gel liner and while I'm at it I go ahead
and create a cat eye liner to pull the
look together and then go ahead and give
your lashes a little curl but this is
only if you apply false lashes because
it helps find your real lashes too the
false ones I hope this was helpful and
give you an idea for a makeup look for
the future and remember you do not need
to have the same palette to recreate a
look always work with what you have so
feel free to thumbs up to show some
support and thank you so much for
watching
and if you like to subscribe you can
click right here and here's one of my
latest videos on string light ideas you
can check it out and kiss you haven't
already and like always until next time
bye guys
you